attention a great problem have
lived Antioquia athletes without
an appropriate scenario for practice
of motor sports for almost 17 years
the construction of a
road course but everything has been in
promises this we tell you in the
next special report
special report
antioquia without author 17 years of promises
athletically we are wrong and that is that they are
almost two decades of promises without
results everything started when in 1966
the need to create a space was born
for motor sports for it was
built the kartódromo roberto josé
warrior in the athletic unit atanasio
rotadot that subsequently was
destroyed to build the pools of
the 2010 South American games
the separation for tournaments followed the
teaching that came back was not before
that happened in 1996 the
Metropolitan park sports complex
tulip ospina in the municipality of bello al
north of the valley will bore the ground
for it was ceded by means of this
writing number 2003 in 1973 by the
Colombian agricultural institute and be
in favor of the antioquia department and
of the municipality of Medellin and is located
between las vegas neighborhood and the farm
tulio ospina margin
of the river Medellin the idea was to make
a nautical track and a kart track
2600 meters in length to accommodate
international events like the formula
2 and grandstands for 25,000 spectators
this lot that you see is 40
hectares apt to build 6
circuits in an automotive scenario
after 16 years of planning up
today nothing is built
but because the works never started
the motor sports corporation believes
have the answer we have gone through
five professionals and dental in the
council of medellín by three in the
council council of beautiful but
seeing the raison d'etre of everything that
is happening has been pure negligence
politics because we see that what is
happening in the lot today is a
the administrative desgreño
municipal administration argues another
thing by environmental provisions and by
and provisions that the land has not
it is possible according to the ordering plan
territorial metropolitan agreement 009
from 1984
the land belonged to him by 68
cent to medellín 11% to beautiful 7 por
one hundred to five 5 to itagüí 2 to caldas
copacabana and the star and the rest
between girardota sabaneta and Barbosa
seem like today things are different
we have the will to search
alternatives as long as they are
within our territory because
you also have to make clear we
we can intervene only in the territory
Medellín not in the metropolitan area
curiously but an ideal space
the pilots Antioquia are the most
highlighted by Colombia in the world by
example tomás door champion of the mistress
supersport in the united states and the
antioqueña cristina bedoya the first
pilot woman of the modality of
motovelocidad in representing the country in
a foreign championship on the 14th of
May won the third valid
motogp championship in classic mexico
from the doctor they asked me hey but
then you who sleep in a road course
and I said not unfortunately in Colombia
there is only one race track they count
with 25 a whole
I think we have country in road courses
on paper in promises the last I knew
was the beautiful one that we see that every time
is urbanizing more than the site where
is the road course the crisis is sharpened
with the absence of a stage
appropriate as the motorcycling league
of antioquia can not continue making
events in improvised spaces like the
aeroparque juan pablo second is a
place where you can run as it should
that the revolt of motorcyclists
go in the palms on the streets in the 70's
In a few days it will be 17 years of
birth of the park project
metropolitan tulip ospina that has passed
from promise to promise to make a
reality for almost two decades